# Vive Stereo Rendering Prototypes -- License
Copyright (c) 2016-2017 HTC Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

This document describes a contract between you and HTC Corporation and 
its affiliates (collectively “HTC”) for the Works which refer to this 
software and corresponding documentation provided by HTC under the terms 
of this license. Please read it carefully before downloading or using 
this Work. By downloading and/or using this Work, you accept this 
license. If you do not agree to the terms of this license, please do not 
download or use this Work.

Unless otherwise provided herein, the information contained in the Work 
is the exclusive property of HTC.

HTC grants you a non-exclusive, non-assignable and royalty-free right 
and license to use, modify (if provided in a source code form) or 
distribute the Work and any modification you make to the Work, within 
the scope of the legitimate development of your software product. The 
usage and redistribution of the Work, with or without modification, is 
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of the Work in a source code form must retain the 
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following 
disclaimer.

2. Redistribution of the Work in binary form must reproduce the above 
copyrightnotice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in 
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither HTC nor the names of its licensors or contributors may be 
used to endorse or promote products derived from this Work without 
specific prior written permission.

THE WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS". HTC, ITS LICENSORS AND CONTRIBUTORS 
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WORK, EITHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. 
HTC MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THE WORK, AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, BUT IS NOT 
OBLIGATED TO SUPPORT, UPDATE OR UPGRADE FOR THE WORK.

IN NO EVENT SHALL HTC, ITS LICENSORS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTIOON, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY 
LOSS), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING 
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WORK, THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE 
THE WORK, EVEN IF HTC, ITS LICENSORS OR CONTRIBUTORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBLITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.